pr_template: Provides tips for cherry-pick (#6702)
pingcap/docs-cn: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- Fill in "x" in [] to tick the checkbox below.-->

**Tips for choosing the affected version(s):**

- If your change supplement missing or incomplete content, or fixes inaccurate or wrong contents, **CHOOSE MASTER ONLY**.

> - If your change involves a version-specific feature behavior change or a compatibility change, **CHOOSE THE AFFECTED RELEASE BRANCH(ES) AND MASTER**.

Reviewer: By default, **CHOOSE MASTER ONLY** so your changes will be applied to the next TiDB major or minor releases. If your PR involves a product feature behavior change or a compatibility change, **CHOOSE THE AFFECTED RELEASE BRANCH(ES) AND MASTER**.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, **CHOOSE MASTER ONLY** so your changes will be applied to the next TiDB major or minor releases. If your PR involves a product feature behavior change or a compatibility change, **CHOOSE THE AFFECTED RELEASE BRANCH(ES) AND MASTER**.  
```
